hi I'm James and I'd like to show you a
new feature in Windows multi-point
server 2012
that's called virtual desktops now
multi-point server is an operating
system that allows multiple users each
to get their own Windows desktop running
off the same PC however sometimes we run
into situations particularly with older
applications that haven't been written
to be used by multiple users at once
where that application wants its own
instance of a full operating system with
the virtual desktop feature we allow
multiple instances of Windows 7 or
Windows 8 to be running at the same time
on the same box so that each application
can have its own operating system so to
take advantage of virtual desktops in
multi-point manager we go to the virtual
desktops tab the first option will be
presented with is enabling virtual
desktops that will reboot the computer
and enable everything that's required to
take advantage of this to save time for
us I've already done that more
importantly the next step is to create a
virtual desktop template so this will be
the basis of each of the virtual
desktops that will be associated with
the multi-point stations so we'll kick
that off now you can either point this
at a share where you keep your golden
image of Windows 7 or 8 enterprise or
you can point it at the DVD that's in
the DVD drive okay so now we have a
template that we just created and the
next step in the process will be to
customize that template with the
applications and the settings that we
want to be available to all users okay
having made the customizations that I
want to do to the template all I do is
go to the desktop and double-click on
the complete customization icon and
multi-point server will take care of the
rest and the last thing we need to do
now that we have our customized template
is to actually associate that template
with the multi-point server workstations
so if you run into an instance where you
have some piece of software that you
really
to run and that requires its own
operating system virtual desktops is a
solution for you thanks